Panache Query/DTO projection with fields from referenced entity (#15223)
quarkusio/quarkus: docs/src/main/asciidoc/hibernate-orm-panache.adoc

This is enabled by default if you are using the Quarkus Maven archetype. If you are not using it, add the property `<maven.compiler.parameters>true</maven.compiler.parameters>` to your pom.xml.
====

If in the DTO projection object you have a field from a referenced entity, you can use the `@ProjectedFieldName` annotation to provide the path for the SELECT statement.

[source,java]
----
@Entity
public class Dog extends PanacheEntity {
    public String name;
    public String race;
    @ManyToOne
    public Person owner;
}

@RegisterForReflection
public class DogDto {
    public String name;
    public String ownerName;

    public DogDto(String name, @ProjectedFieldName("owner.name") String ownerName) {  // <1>
        this.name = name;
        this.ownerName = ownerName;
    }
}

PanacheQuery<DogDto> query = Dog.findAll().project(DogDto.class);
----

> 1. For the `ownerName` DTO constructor's parameter will be loaded from `owner.name` SQL column.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. The `ownerName` DTO constructor's parameter will be loaded from the `owner.name` SQL column.
```

Author: Sure, thanks.

> 1. The `ownerName` DTO constructor's parameter will be loaded from the `owner.name` SQL column.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. The `ownerName` DTO constructor's parameter will be loaded from the `owner.name` HQL property.
```

Author: Fine.
